[thunder booming]
>> Oh it's coming
down now.
Whoa!
I don't like this.
>> Good grief.
>> Should we move
that bench?
>> It'll float away
if we don't.
Jep: I bet you hundred
dollars you can't get
up on this thing.
Hey.
Easy.
[splashing]
>> You know what
I'm thinking, Jase?
Jase: Huh?
>> This is why
I left the river.
>> Yeah, this is why
I headed North.
Korie:
Where's Willie?
>> Making a mail run.
>> What?!
>> Typical Willie.
When the work starts out,
he's checking the mail.
[whimsical music]
Willie: [exclaims]
Going down the pants.
>> There's nothing
more dangerous,
or unpredictable,
than rising flood waters.
I don't about grabbing this
during a lightening storm.
Because Phil and Kay
live on the river,
their house is in
constant danger
of being flooded.
Which is why we're
are here doing everything
possible to keep that
from happening.
This was always Willie,
every time we
had a flood.
We would all
be working....
>> From the peripheral.
>> Wait!
You lost a oar.
Jase:
Well, except for Willie.
Whose decided to put
all his efforts
in retrieving the mail.
>> Go it.
>> Good job, babe.
[grunting]
>> Job well done.
>> It's a little damp.
>> All right, I'm headed
to higher ground.
>> All right.
I think we got it all.
>> Is that all of it?
>> I can't wait to
see how important
that mail is.
>> It's a little wet.
It's a little wet.